okay this is how I'm bleeding the clutch
on my BMW e36 what I've done here is
this is the bleed valve and I've
loosened it a little bit and connected
this tube which is now running all the
way to it's connected there to the brake
bleed valve and we've got brake fluid in
this line and filled up the reservoir in
the engine bay
so procedure is to loosen this valve
first and then there'll be air in this
line connect it all the lines and then
on this side running out of hands here
you see the screwdriver there I'm
getting someone to press the brake
first of all release the valve a little
bit get someone to press the brake as
they're holding the brake II and I
tighten it up they can release the brake
and then repeat that so push down on the
brake and release the brake and that
pumps the fluid from the brakes into the
into the clutch and pressurizes the
clutch that way I've tried other ways
and just didn't work I tried sucking the
the fluid through using a syringe but
that didn't work this seems to be
working so I thought I'd show you what
I'm doing okay
bye